README.md, before:

# Go Open

Increasing the awareness of Going Open and removing the FUD around them


## Story

### What is Going Open?

Going Open is a blanket term that covers:

- Free Open-Source Software
- Free Culture
- Open Collaboration
- Open Data
- Open Government
- Open Company


### What are the benefits of going open?

- Infinitely and Instantly Scalable Team
	- Closed teams generally just focus on the roadmap, which doesn't cover the little things; Whereas open teams, opens you up to pull-requests that cover all sorts of small things (add reference)
- You sell your Brand, not your Products
	- Information was made to be free, and is fundamentally organic, you're not meant to own it
		- When I say "hello", I don't lose it like psyhical property, instead it is copied into your brain
		- Reference Tim Beners Lee talking about the Open Data Movement, "you wouldn't believe the amount of execuses people come up with to keep their information closed"
	- If someone "steals" your product, you are still fine
- There is no competition, only collaboration


### Who's already doing this?

- [Gittip](https://www.gittip.com/) - [why?](https://medium.com/building-gittip)
- [Balanced](https://www.balancedpayments.com/) - [why?](http://www.fastcolabs.com/3008944/open-company/why-i-made-my-payments-startup-an-open-company)
- [Bevry](http://bevry.me) - [why?](http://bevry.me/about)


### How is Going Open implemented?

- Make everything available for free
- Choose a [permissive license](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_free_software_licence) that indicate your intentions
	- [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org) for creative works
	- [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) for software
	- [Public Domain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain) for everything
- Earn revenue from your brand, not your products
	- See the "How do I earn money?" section


### What Implementations of Going Open already exist?

- Open Companies
- Permissive Open-Source Licenses


### How do I earn money?

Traditionally, we earned our money to do what we love by:

1. Creative a closed work (that isn't what we love)
2. Sell the closed work (that isn't what we love)
3. Use the proceeds to do what we love

With going open, instead we:

1. Do what we love
2. Inspires others to donate to us
3. Use the proceeds to do what we love

In order to do this, the following services are available at our diposal:

- Once-Off Pre-Orders
	- [KickStarter](http://www.kickstarter.com/)
		- [Pozible](http://www.pozible.com/)
		- [IndieGogo](http://indiegogo.com/)
	- [Bounties](https://www.bountysource.com/)

- Recurrant Pre-Order
	- [Patreon](http://www.patreon.com/)

- Once-Off Donations
	- [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/donate-with-paypal)

- Recurrant Donations
	- [Flattr](http://flattr.com/)
	- [Gittip](https://www.gittip.com/)

- Alternative Models
	- Sponsorship Contracts
	- Advertising
		- [YouTube Monetization](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2490020?hl=en)
		- [Google AdWords](https://adwords.google.com/)
	- Referrals
		- Ubuntu Dash, Firefox Search
		- Affiliate Recomendations


### Follow Up Learning

- [Talk: Open-Source will leave you behind](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9577a9c1OQ&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PLYVl5EnzwqsQs0tBLO6ug6WbqAbrpVbNf)
	- > In the end, the decision to go open-source or not, is how difficult do you want to make the reverse engineering process? Going closed means very difficult and no attribution for you, going open means very easy and attribution to you.


## Contribute

- To update content, [send pull requests on the README.md file](https://github.com/bevry/goopen/edit/master/README.md)
- To submit designs and to discuss, [use the Issue Tracker](https://github.com/bevry/goopen/issues)


## License

Public Domain

Commit message:

Added some text on making the transition

README.md, after:

# Go Open

Increasing the awareness of Going Open and removing the FUD around them


## Story

### What is Going Open?

Going Open is a blanket term that covers:

- Free Open-Source Software
- Free Culture
- Open Collaboration
- Open Data
- Open Government
- Open Company


### What are the benefits of going open?

- Infinitely and Instantly Scalable Team
	- Closed teams generally just focus on the roadmap, which doesn't cover the little things; Whereas open teams, opens you up to pull-requests that cover all sorts of small things (add reference)
- You sell your Brand, not your Products
	- Information was made to be free, and is fundamentally organic, you're not meant to own it
		- When I say "hello", I don't lose it like psyhical property, instead it is copied into your brain
		- Reference Tim Beners Lee talking about the Open Data Movement, "you wouldn't believe the amount of execuses people come up with to keep their information closed"
	- If someone "steals" your product, you are still fine
- There is no competition, only collaboration


### Who's already doing this?

- [Gittip](https://www.gittip.com/) - [why?](https://medium.com/building-gittip)
- [Balanced](https://www.balancedpayments.com/) - [why?](http://www.fastcolabs.com/3008944/open-company/why-i-made-my-payments-startup-an-open-company)
- [Bevry](http://bevry.me) - [why?](http://bevry.me/about)


### How is Going Open implemented?

- Make everything available for free
- Choose a [permissive license](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_free_software_licence) that indicate your intentions
	- [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org) for creative works
	- [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) for software
	- [Public Domain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain) for everything
- Earn revenue from your brand, not your products
	- See the "How do I earn money?" section


### What Implementations of Going Open already exist?

- Open Companies
- Permissive Open-Source Licenses


### How do I earn money and make the transition?

Traditionally, we earned our money to do what we love by:

1. Creative a closed work (that isn't what we love)
2. Sell the closed work (that isn't what we love)
3. Use the proceeds to do what we love

With going open, instead we:

1. Do what we love
2. Inspires others to donate to us
3. Use the proceeds to do what we love

In order to do this, the following services are available at our diposal:


Everyone can use these to raise money for new projects and ideas that can change the world:

- Once-Off Pre-Orders
	- [KickStarter](http://www.kickstarter.com/)
		- [Pozible](http://www.pozible.com/)
		- [IndieGogo](http://indiegogo.com/)
	- [Bounties](https://www.bountysource.com/)


Creatives can use use these to raise money for their next works:

- Recurrant Pre-Order
	- [Patreon](http://www.patreon.com/)


Everyone can use these to accept money from those they've inspired:

- Once-Off Donations
	- [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/donate-with-paypal)

- Recurrant Donations
	- [Flattr](http://flattr.com/)
	- [Gittip](https://www.gittip.com/)


Everyone may be able to use these:

- Alternative Models
	- Sponsorship Contracts
	- Advertising
		- [YouTube Monetization](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2490020?hl=en)
		- [Google AdWords](https://adwords.google.com/)
	- Referrals
		- Ubuntu Dash, Firefox Search
		- Affiliate Recomendations



### Follow Up Learning

- [Talk: Open-Source will leave you behind](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9577a9c1OQ&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PLYVl5EnzwqsQs0tBLO6ug6WbqAbrpVbNf)
	- > In the end, the decision to go open-source or not, is how difficult do you want to make the reverse engineering process? Going closed means very difficult and no attribution for you, going open means very easy and attribution to you.


## Contribute

- To update content, [send pull requests on the README.md file](https://github.com/bevry/goopen/edit/master/README.md)
- To submit designs and to discuss, [use the Issue Tracker](https://github.com/bevry/goopen/issues)


## License

Public Domain
